Execution Testing
Sept 19th, 2002
Gordon Vidaver (gvidaver@bbn.com 617 873 3558)

Here is the execution test we've been running.

1) Turn on persistence by setting these system properties:

org.cougaar.core.persistence.enable true
org.cougaar.core.persistence.clear  false

2) Increase the persistence interval to 10 minutes (this will let time advance more quickly when you get to Aug. 25th)

org.cougaar.core.persistence.lazyInterval 600000 

Yes, it's in millis.

By default it's 5 minutes.

3) Run the society, and once oplan and gls have been sent, use the completionControl servlet in NCA.

Set the Number of Time Steps to Advance to 20. This will set the move the c-day to c-20 or August 30th.
Set the Automatic Refresh Interval (seconds) to 5.
Hit submit

This will move the society, one day at a time, to c-20.  
It moves quickly until Aug. 25th, after which point it slows down a lot, perhaps 5-10 minutes per day advance, in SMALL.  
If it stops at a day for more than 10 minutes, check the completion servlet - Show All Agents view to see if 
any agent has incomplete tasks. 
These prevent the advance of time.

4) Once the servlet reports all 20 days have moved forward, wait for all agents to persist. 
This means watching for Ps in the output. 
When 10 minutes (our whatever interval you set in step 2) have elapsed without a P, 
you have persisted all agents and are ready to continue to the next step.

5) Kill the society, and bring it back up. Also, copy the workspace/P directory to a copy, so that you can 
start up from the same stored state every time. (If you don't, the society will change the persisted state 
as you run from the rehydrated state.) If you want to rerun from the persisted state, just copy the copy 
onto the P directory before re-running.

6) You should eventually see the society quiesce.  This typically is in the range of 10 minutes for SMALL.

7) You can now do either of two perturbations : 

  a) choose an agent, say the 1-35-ARBN, and use oplanEdit servlet in NCA to move it's 
Employment-Defensive C+10 To C+75 period (the second one) from low optempo to high. You do this by 
clicking on the link, then choosing high, then hitting the save button. 
Finally hit the publish button in the main window.

  b) use the stimulator servlet in a supply agent, say 47-FSB, to inject a supply task. 
You can do this by running the servlet and specifying the file Supply.dat.xml as the file and 
47-FSB as the Override "FOR" prepositional phrase value. Check the completion servlet on this 
agent before clicking submit and after and note that the number of complete tasks increases. 

Observed Result:

For both perturbations, you can see in the inventory display (al-inventory.sh/bat) the results 
of these perturbations. 

For a) you can see an extended period of high inventory. 
For b) you should see slightly higher inventory levels at the time of the Supply task that was injected.
